- [Barnard’s Star and the ‘Wait Equation’](https://www.centauri-dreams.org/2006/11/24/barnards-star-and-the-wait-equation/)
	- via [[Matt Webb]] [Do not buy three decades of loo paper, nor depart today for Barnard’s Star](https://interconnected.org/home/2022/12/20/wait)
	- Current technology would allow us to reach Barnard’s Star in 12,000 years, setting off today.
	- Or: wait.
	- > If technology growth is likely to double every 100 years the speed at which this journey could be made, then, using equation –1, it would seem that a voyager need only wait 690 years or so to make the journey in 100 years or less (i.e. at a speed of 6/100 speed of light). In other words, the star could be reached in well under a thousand years from now simply by waiting. Total time to destination is 690 years of wait + 100 years of travel = 790 years.
	- [[Wait Equation]]
	- I’ve observed this same wait equation applies to technology of all kinds. Thinking about this from a [[Wardley Maps]] perspective, technology becomes easier to use (as well as cheaper etc etc) as it moves [[Wardley Right]] — more commoditized
		- I think of the early days of ML.
		- The first releases of #TensorFlow were incredibly hard to use and put into production. Early adopters spent 6 months just getting things working.
		- Then, Google dumped an update out in public and it now took weeks or days to get started
		- The people who spent 6 months struggling, expending effort vs all of the resources of Google wasted a lot of their effort — and would likely have been better off just waiting
		- [[b5]] and the [[Qri]] team also paid this cost on the early days of the #IPFS protocol and network
-