- Am I reading the Internet and posting links on Christmas?
  collapsed:: true
	- I am! Christmas Eve is my traditional German celebration
- [[Cory Doctorow]] [What the fediverse (does/n't) solve](https://pluralistic.net/2022/12/23/semipermeable-membranes/#free-as-in-puppies)
  collapsed:: true
	- Links to [[Cat Valente]] [Stop Talking to Each Other and Start Buying Things: Three Decades of Survival in the Desert of Social Media](https://catvalente.substack.com/p/stop-talking-to-each-other-and-start)
		- > I’m so tired of just harmlessly getting together with other weird geeks and going to what amounts to a digital pub after work and waking up one day to find every pint poisoned.
		- > Twitter is and was the home to so many small artists who clawed their way to an audience, who had the opportunity to be seen by the world without the intermediary of already-established success. It was precious and vital to making a living from art, and not just art but activism and craft industries and intellectual output that so many think should never make anyone’s living. And those people are going to lose so much because Elon Musk needed to drink from the attention fire hose. Those people are going to lose their audience and their opportunities, all for him. I’m going to lose so much. You have to be *very* famous to be safe from the effects of your biggest microphone being crammed up a rich white man’s ass and set to reverb. I am certainly not. Few of us are.
	- via [[nicoth]]
- [Chad says I swear by LogSeq](https://indieweb.social/@chadkoh/109578052048693366) in response to [[bengo]] asking for potential other #opensource options
  collapsed:: true
	- [[Obsidian]] is widely used but is not open source
		- Did a search and found a [page on Obsidian.rocks that collects reasons why it’s not open source](https://obsidian.rocks/why-isnt-obsidian-open-source/)
	- Maybe I’ll fill out a [[Why I Like LogSeq]] page properly and in the meantime I replied
		- <iframe src="https://toolsforthought.rocks/@boris/109578366721863061/embed" class="mastodon-embed" style="max-width: 100%; border: 0" width="400" height=“650” allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></iframe><script src="https://toolsforthought.rocks/embed.js" async="async"></script>
	- Obsidian never really clicked for me — including that it’s not open source
	- It’s not user programmable and is more like a fancy Markdown editor
	- This totally works for many people! I used #Jekyll and my code editor to maintain my public notes garden for many years, which is about the same but much harder to use and I ended up with lots of custom code
	- The real impact for all of these systems is only going to happen when they go #multiplayer - sharing, maintaining, and inter-linking bodies of content with multiple people
	- Arguably, [[Notion]] does this today — in a centralized, non-open source commercial business
	- [[Outline]] is a very interesting open source team knowledge base and wiki that I should go back to checking out again
- [[neodrag]], a JS library for implementing draggability on the web
	- I still want to see interop of drag and drop between #TiddlyWiki and other systems
- DONE [[Central Station]] by [[Lavie Tidhar]] #reading
	- #completed [[Central Station]]
- NOW [[Neom]] by [[Lavie Tidhar]] #reading
-
-