- [Stammy](https://macaw.social/@stammy/109637304403897981) [[Paul Stamatiou]], who worked at Twitter for 9 years, [on Mastodon](https://paulstamatiou.com/mastodon/):
	- > picking a server is also like picking your landlord. Do you trust the admin of the server to host your identity? Do you think they have the technical know-how to maintain and secure the infra as needed? Are they making backups? What if they get lazy, and you’re stuck on a 2-year-old version of Mastodon lacking all the new features? Do they have a plan for financially supporting the infra? Or are they running an overloaded server that is extremely slow?
- I really need to finalize my home desk setup to just use my MacBook Air with a dock
  collapsed:: true
	- My [[Mac Mini]] is consistently flakey, and I don’t see that getting better since it’s the last Intel version
	- Doing research on [[Docking Stations]]
	- Or, do I go look at [[KVM Switch]] options again?
- [Massive Apple headset leak reveals new details and confirms earlier rumors](https://mixed-news.com/en/massive-apple-headset-leak-reveals-new-details-and-confirms-earlier-rumors/) #XR
  id:: 63b7a123-4f2d-426a-a20f-2bddf82341a9
  collapsed:: true
	- I admit that I am very much looking forward to the [[Apple Headset]]
	- > Apple is said to prefer **hand tracking as an interface**, but is experimenting with alternative input devices such as a wand and a kind of thimble.
	- We worked on prototyping hand tracking at [[HUMAN]]
	- I feel like we predicted most of these things correctly
	- Being able to display existing #ios apps makes total sense — it’s like a #PWA for #XR, and builds on the installed base of all the native iOS devs
	- The thing that [[Ryan Betts]] and I have been convinced would be a thing would be “screen replacement” — basically having a giant virtual monitor
	- > Apple also wants to enable a **transition between the Mac screen and the XR display**: If you pull the 2D Maps app from the Mac screen, it can show a 3D model of a city in XR mode.
	- This sounds more like a gimmick in the way it’s described in this rumour write up, but the general interaction sets the stage for virtual monitor interactions
	- #XR video conferencing as the “killer app” is … interesting
	- The writers also miss that a “call” will be an XR #[[Spatial Canvas]] — shared #multiplayer with the other person
		- Or as Ryan said, “The shared workspace will straight up be a [[Bret Victor]] [Seeing Space]([[Seeing Spaces]]).”
	- Apple’s [[MacOS/Universal Control]] is the same pattern to seamlessly move between devices
	- Including of course using a “real” keyboard and mouse without having to attach it to the headset directly.
- [I wrote a story for a friend,](https://theeggandtherock.substack.com/p/i-wrote-a-story-for-a-friend) by Julian Gough
	- A long read, about art and Minecraft and Microsoft and copyright and capitalism and more
	- > I wrote the End Poem for Minecraft, the most popular video game of all time. I never signed a contract giving Mojang the rights to the End Poem, and so Microsoft (who bought Minecraft from Mojang) also don't own it. I do. Rather than sue the company or fight with my old friend, who founded the company and has since gone off in the deep end, I am dedicating the poem to the public domain. You'll find it at the bottom of this post, along with a Creative Commons Public Domain dedication.
	-