- [[The Unreasonable Sufficiency of Protocols]] by [[vgr]] and other mostly #Ethereum folks
	- Part of [[Ethereum Foundation]] funded and [[vgr]] guided [[Summer of Protocols]]
	-
- [The Missing Semester of Your CS Education](https://missing.csail.mit.edu) via [[James Walker]]
	- Version control aka #Git, text editors, debugging
	- > Classes teach you all about advanced topics within CS, from operating systems to machine learning, but there’s one critical subject that’s rarely covered, and is instead left to students to figure out on their own: proficiency with their tools. We’ll teach you how to master the command-line, use a powerful text editor, use fancy features of version control systems, and much more!
	  > 
	  > Students spend hundreds of hours using these tools over the course of their education (and thousands over their career), so it makes sense to make the experience as fluid and frictionless as possible. Mastering these tools not only enables you to spend less time on figuring out how to bend your tools to your will, but it also lets you solve problems that would previously seem impossibly complex.
- Where is the legitimate forum for #Fediverse and #ActivityPub #governance ?
	- > @J12t@social.coop To me the very first question is the last one: How do we answer questions?
	  > At the moment there is no canonical venue. There's
	  > 1. SocialHub. 
	  > 2. FEPs, which are kind of sort of tied into SocialHub. 
	  > 3. Public SWICG mailing list, but it isn't clear that this has "better domain" than, say, SocialHub.
	  > 4. The Mastodon project's github. 
	  > 5. Various hashtags on here.
	  > It isn't clear if someone _wanted_ to participate where to do so or what would be involved in that.
	- via [@hrefna](https://hachyderm.io/@hrefna/110019784514728733)
	-
-