- [[Ben Yoskovitz]] writes about [[Venture Studios]] #[[future of venture]] [on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/byosko_venture-studios-are-emerging-as-a-legitimate-activity-7137803980679651328-r2N3)
	- Venture studios are emerging as a legitimate asset class. It's an interesting way of thinking about it, because it warrants further clarity and definitions, without being overly prescriptive.
	- Created [Venture Studio Checklist](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GGy85EWZ150R3BWSNIEDlGwU6OMSGMvGEEVR9LHUR2s/edit?usp=sharing), a GSheet working through different models
		- 1. Internal Company Structure and Methodology: This covers how you’ll structure your studio, how you’ll work (including the framework/playbook/process you’ll use for validating startups) and the makeup of your team.
		- 2. The Founders: Next, you deep dive into the founders you’ll recruit: who they are, how you find them, compensation, etc.
		- 3. Startup Structures: This section focuses on how you’ll structure new startups emerging from your venture studio. This is a complicated section because it focuses on investment and equity, two hot button topics.
		- 4. Venture Studio Business Model: The final section covers the studio’s finances and business model, with different options for raising capital into the studio entity or a fund (or both). This is also complicated because studios don’t survive on management fees alone (or at all).
		  The Venture Studio Checklist is free to use -- just make a copy (it's a Google Sheet) and start filling it in. I hope it helps people understand all the components of designing, building & launching a studio.