- [Nora Tindall: The Fediverse is Already Dead](https://nora.codes/post/the-fediverse-is-already-dead/) #Fediverse
	- >“The Fediverse” needs to end, and I don’t think anything should replace it. Speak instead about communities, and prioritize the strength of those communities. Speak about the way those communities interact, and don’t; the way they form strands and islands and gulfs. ==I’ve taken to calling this the Social Archipelago.==
- A fantastic presentation by [[Joan Westenberg]] #NFT #crypto
	- {{video https://youtube.com/watch?v=wRnC8pA2-sk}}
	- The main message is “no, we’re not early” and that people need to be serious about building
	- Looking at what opportunities are already locked out because of the nature of the real world industries — eg music industry and streaming as one example — is excellent
- [[Kyle Mitchell]] [Open Source Unsolved Security](https://writing.kemitchell.com/2023/02/23/Unsolved-Security) #opensource #security
	- > A bounty on competence encourages competence.
	- > So we’ll seesaw back from open a bit toward closed again. That is what we know how to do for security. There’s opportunity in making—intermediating, monopolizing—that transition. But the greater bounty lies on understanding the logic of the balance. Not just “how do we make open more secure?”, but “what would a more securable kind of open look like?”
- Great call with [[Christine Lemmer-Webber]]
	- I learned about [[Guix]] which is a bit like #Nix
	- Talked about [[12 Factor App]] and in general [[designing for deployment]]
	- Old article by Christine on #UserOps [Userops: Deployment for the People](https://mediagoblin.org/news/userops.html)
	- Where did [[Sandstorm]] go wrong? In my opinion, focus on LAMP stack
	- #UCAN as one pattern for