- [Update: Open vs Hidden](https://maya.land/updates/2023/08/12/update-open-vs-hidden.html) [[Maya Land]]
	- > Where there’s material worth spending time on, it doesn’t feel right somehow to make one’s every thought and reaction public.
	- I like [[Maya Land]]’s writing. Very great turns of phrase, intensely link stuffed posts that has you open dozens of tabs
	- I might tag this #[[dark forest]] for this discussion about how much to put on the open internet today. A vague feeling of unease about being open.
	- Ok one more quote (which is right before the above quote), because I want to savour _extralaboral time_ as a phrase:
		- > The third part is that in the extralaboral time that I *have* been spending on this kind of thing, I’ve been doing a lot of reading about the occult. “Occult” itself just means “hidden”, etymologically.
- [[redo]] via [[Avi Bryant]], a [[Make]] replacement
- Shared [[re:Mix]] link on social today
  collapsed:: true
	- I have some scribbled notes about this, where basically a small business in Berlin doesn’t compete with one in Vancouver — or even Calgary or Toronto, just in Canada.
	- So: how might they work together? Pooling expertise, capital, promotion, etc, while focusing on regional production and sales.
	- Move the IP, rather than the product! #BuyLocal
	- activitypublink:: https://cosocial.ca/@boris/110883301643501234
	- Pointed out to me that consumer blenders already support glass jar threading. I took a picture of my existing Cuisinart one:
	  collapsed:: true
		- <iframe src="https://cosocial.ca/@boris/110883429728529497/embed" class="mastodon-embed" style="max-width: 100%; border: 0" height="1000" width="400" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></iframe><script src="https://cosocial.ca/embed.js" async="async"></script>
		-
	- Other related links and concepts that came up during this discussion:
		- [[Pantheon Design]] is a #3Dprinting #startup in #Vancouver a few blocks from my house that might 3D print composites
		- [[FabLab Vancouver]] is a "co-making makerspace" that [[Emily McGill]] mentioned to me
			- TODO Add FabLab to the #DWebYVR website
			- Could we do a "build your own blender" small scale class / course / movement locally?
- [[Fabman]] is an all-in-one makerspace management solution #membership #makerspace
- [Making Sublime](https://sublimeinternet.substack.com/p/making-sublime), a #[[tools for thought]] #[[Digital Garden]] startup [[Sublime]], by [[Sari Azout]]
	- This is the story of what used to be called #Startupy
	- They rebooted it in Summer of 2022
	- > A few years ago, I published one of those think pieces about finding “[language market fit](https://sariazout.medium.com/from-product-market-fit-to-language-market-fit-a-new-brand-storytelling-framework-7e0a58b20295)”. I still get emails from frustrated founders seeking help with positioning.
	- > Kind of like a Github for ideas. Or Pinterest for knowledge. But also not quite like that.
	  > Concretely, Sublime is a tool to collect and connect anything interesting you find on the Internet. It’s the simplest way to build your own curated, self-organizing library with all the quotes, links, articles, thoughts, images, and anything else you find interesting.
	  > **It’s part bookmarking, part note-taking, part social network. But it’s also none of those things.**
	- > I’m not curating my sublime library to build an audience. I’m quietly exposing parts of my library, in case it may resonate with others.
	- > maybe that’s part of the problem, trying to be legible to everyone
	-
-