- My [[Mac Mini]] is now running [[MacOS/Ventura]] and I've officially given up on running Linux on it
	- Now to get it set up as [[Boris Mann/Home Lab]]
	- Need [[Docker/Desktop]] for a bunch of things
	- Once it was updated I sat on the couch with my laptop and did a bunch of things over screen sharing
	- I posted to [[CoSocial]] Mastodon and to [[Bluesky]] and got a bunch of responses with tips
		- mastodon:: https://cosocial.ca/@boris/110681788599605945
			- > I have a Mac Mini running MacOS Ventura (the last Intel version).
			  > 
			  > My plan is to run it as the main server for a home lab now that I have a 100Mbps uplink.
			  > 
			  > I think I’m going to run Docker for some things that I currently host on Digital Ocean, and add a kind of Gateway Server on DO that has a static IP, does caching, and a few other things.
			  > 
			  > Anyone else have ideas on what to run from a home lab, especially on #MacOS
		- [[Scott Nelson]] pointed to [[Headscale]] over [[Tailscale]] [[The Homelab Show]] https://thehomelab.show/2022/07/21/the-homelab-show-ep-64-tailscale-and-headscale/
		- [[FreedomBox]]
			- I took a look but it looks mostly out of date. Of the apps included, the blog and the wiki seem extremely basic compared to what I'm used to
		- [[Nextcloud]] was mentioned several times. I've been meaning to learn about administering this, especially in context of perhaps running it to support operations (and maybe members?) at #CoSocial
		- I don't really feel the need to run Pihole
		- [[Jeff Henshaw]] says [[SyncThing]]
			- Longer discussion here, the majority of my files sync through iCloud and... it's fine?
		- Various people pointed at [[Home Assistant]]. I live in an apartment and don't really have anything home automation wise
		- [[Jason Cornick]] gave a whole list of stuff, the interesting ones of which I created local pages for here
			- mastodon:: https://hachyderm.io/@cornickj/110681867155829314
			- > Boris I’m using [[homepage]] , pihole, [[bookstack]] , [[miniflux]] , audio bookshelf, actualbudget, [[it-tools]] and [home-assistant]([[Home Assistant]]). All running great in docker. I use Tailscale to securely connect to them all remotely, so I don’t need to open any inbound firewall holes.
			- He's running everything on Docker, and also pointed at [[Watchtower]] for automating updates to the container images
			-
	-