- [What does it look like for the web to lose?](https://chriscoyier.net/2023/01/04/what-does-it-look-like-for-the-web-to-lose/) [[Chris Coyier]] via [@chriscoyier](https://twitter.com/chriscoyier/status/1610684083788550144)
  collapsed:: true
	- Hmmm. This is written as if web apps on mobile are in good shape, which I disagree with
	- > It’s only slightly clearer to me why a *business*would choose a native app over the web. [I wrote up why I think a business might go that route about a year ago](https://css-tricks.com/why-would-a-business-push-a-native-app-over-a-website/), and I didn’t even do a good job of convincing myself. The problem is mostly all the examples out there. All the biggest and best apps around have chosen the web. Figma, Slack, Discord, GitHub, Spotify, Netflix, you name it, the biggest successes have picked the biggest platform first: the web.
		- Do they though? This is just platform owners, being able to make a choice at a very large scale
		- From the perspective of people with native app skills… it’s way easier to just build a native mobile app
	- > URLs are of the web, not native apps. URLs are what makes search engines a thing. Farewell to global, helpful search
	- Global search is already held hostage to SEO and ads. Also, other than the front page, apps don’t have their content indexed.
- Posts by [[Kelsey Hightower]] that resonate strongly with me for where we’re going with [[Fission]] #PaaS #Wasm
	- Easy to deploy applications are table stakes. Easy to secure and manage data is the new north star.
	  id:: 63b6f2ae-1301-4748-8db1-18d40c938ea0
	  
	  Applications only exist to process and create experiences around data, and if a platform wants to set itself apart from the others, focus on the data.
	  
	  [[Kelsey Hightower]] on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kelseyhightower/status/1610082341233504257)