- [[Laurie Voss]] rebuttal to [[Alex Russell]]’s latest post [The case for frameworks](https://seldo.com/posts/the_case_for_frameworks)
  id:: 63b26a5d-c9ed-483c-bef1-13f55e613c7b
	- > Alex makes the astonishing assertion that "vanishingly few scaled sites feature long sessions and login-gated content". The above, as an anecdote to the contrary, is a screenshot of my start screen on my personal laptop in Firefox; it is roughly speaking a list of my most-visited websites. Ignoring Alpaca, an unreleased side project of mine, all but one are SPAs. Taking the requirements of "long sessions, login gated content", all but one **should** be single page apps.
	- > Certainly the long tail of websites in the world is probably mostly static, but the big sites -- where all the development dollars are spent -- are overwhelmingly rich, complex sites. **The money is in rich apps**, not because the money is being wasted, but because the content and services people pay for are highly personalized and dynamic, where rich apps shine.
- [[Bondy]]
	- ((63e7d3c7-3414-43fb-93b3-50a4b2ff783e))
- Last week we kicked off the [[Decentralized Data Compliance Working Group]]
	- We being #IPFS and #filecoin adjacent folks, led by [[Juan Caballero]]
	- Turns out #DecentSocial folks are interested too, pinged by [[Ian Davis]]
- I’m ranting
	- > The OSS community clinging to the LAMP stack (and then Docker) rather than adopting the [[12 Factor App]]s pattern and onwards to serverless is only going to become more of a problem.
	  There is no path from LAMP to [conversational programming]([[Why the fuss about conversational programming?]])
	  https://social.coop/@bmann/109845198227859852
	- Need to retrieve my [2012 post](https://2022.bmannconsulting.com/blog/2012/05/27/new-hack-stack/) [[The New Hack Stack]]. I really do need to fix how stuff is published here.
	-
-